docs: tested kubernetes section (#10262)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/ci/integrations/kubernetes.mdx

EOF
```

> ## Tested Configurations

Reviewer: We're following a standard template for all integrations pages so for consistency with others, it would be better to not have this at the top level. Would you consider moving this new section under "How it Works" before or after the "Recommendations" section?

Author: sure

Author: done

- Dagger's Helm chart is continuously tested [on K3s via a Dagger pipeline](https://github.com/dagger/dagger/blob/main/helm/.dagger/main.go#L41) in CI
- Dagger has run CI jobs at significant scale on AWS EKS using the [approach outlined here](https://dagger.io/blog/argo-cd-kubernetes)

> - Dagger has tested [SUSE RKE2](https://docs.rke2.io/install/quickstart) and Rancher Desktop Kubernetes using our Helm chart in daemonset configuration. Recommend SLE Micro 6.1 with min 100GB SSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dagger has tested [SUSE RKE2](https://docs.rke2.io/install/quickstart) and Rancher Desktop Kubernetes using our Helm chart in DaemonSet configuration. The recommended configuration is SUSE Linux Enterprise Micro 6.1 with a 100 GB SSD (minimum).
```

> - Dagger has tested [SUSE RKE2](https://docs.rke2.io/install/quickstart) and Rancher Desktop Kubernetes using our Helm chart in daemonset configuration. Recommend SLE Micro 6.1 with min 100GB SSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dagger has tested [SUSE RKE2](https://docs.rke2.io/install/quickstart) and Rancher Desktop Kubernetes using our Helm chart in DaemonSet configuration. The recommended configuration is SUSE Linux Enterprise Micro 6.1 with a 100 GB SSD (minimum).
```

Reviewer: @jpadams expanding the acronyms here

Author: Thanks! I amended this a bit.
Most descriptions actually use both expanded form and acronym:  `SUSE Linux Enterprise (SLE) Micro 6.1 `
